chore: update helm install command (#64)
glasskube/distr.sh: src/content/docs/docs/self-hosting/kubernetes.md

```shell
helm upgrade --install --wait --namespace distr --create-namespace \
  distr oci://ghcr.io/glasskube/charts/distr \
  --set postgresql.enabled=true --set minio.enabled=true
```

For a quick testing setup, you don't have to modify the values. However, if you intend to use distr in production, please revisit all available configuration values and adapt them accordingly.

> You can find them in the reference [values.yaml](https://github.com/glasskube/distr/blob/main/deploy/charts/distr/values.yaml) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find them in the reference [values.yaml](https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/distr/distr?modal=values) file.
```
